User two factor authentication (#293)
apache/cloudstack-documentation: source/adminguide/accounts.rst

- ``saml2.timeout``: SAML2 IDP Metadata refresh interval in seconds, minimum value is set to 300. Default is 1800

Using Two Factor Authentication For Users
------------------------------------------

> CloudStack supports two factor authentication 2FA for the users, wherein users needs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CloudStack supports two factor authentication, wherein users need
```

> to provide a 2FA code after the login using username and password. CloudStack currently

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to provide a 2FA code after the regular login using username and password. CloudStack currently
```

> supports google authenticator along with other TOTP authenticators and staticpin as the 2FA providers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
supports Google Authenticator or other TOTP authenticators and static PIN as the 2FA providers.
```

Other 2FA providers can be easily integrated with CloudStack using its plugin model.

> For admins, following are the settings available at global and domain level to configure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For admins, the following are the settings available at global and domain level to configure
```

Global setting                                     Default values     Description
================================================   ================   ===================================================================
enable.user.2fa                                    false              Determines whether 2FA is enabled or not
mandate.user.2fa                                   false              Determines whether to make the 2FA mandatory or not for the users
user.2fa.default.provider                          totp               The default user 2FA provider plugin. Eg. google, staticpin
================================================   ================   ===================================================================

If 2FA is configured for the user, the 2FA verification page looks like below after the login.

.. image:: /_static/images/verify-2fa.png
   :width: 400px
   :align: center
   :alt: Verify 2FA page

Users can configure 2FA in CloudStack using the action button in user form.

.. image:: /_static/images/configure-2fa-action-button.png
   :width: 400px
   :align: center
   :alt: Configure 2FA action button

> In the 2FA setup form, user needs to select one of the providers. CloudStack currently supports

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the 2FA setup form, the user needs to select one of the providers. CloudStack currently supports
```

> google authenticator along with other TOTP authenticators and staticpin as the 2FA providers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Google Authenticator or other TOTP authenticators and static PIN as the 2FA providers.
```

> When the google or other TOTP 2FA provider is selected, user must setup the account in google or other TOTP authenticator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the Google Authenticator or Other TOTP 2FA provider is selected, the user must setup the account in the respective 
```

> by CloudStack. Once the account is setup in the authenticator application, the user must verify 2FA with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by CloudStack. Once this is set up in the authenticator application, the user must always use the provided 2FA codes to log in.
```

> Once the account is setup in the authenticator application, user must verify 2FA with Cloudstack using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the account is setup in the authenticator application, the user must verify 2FA with Cloudstack using
```

> Cloudstack using the 2FA code in the authenticator application. Every time the user has to use the same

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> the 2FA code in the authenticator application. Every time user has to use the same account in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the 2FA code in the authenticator application. Every time the user has to use the same account in the
```

> account in the authenticator application during login into CloudStack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

.. image:: /_static/images/configure-google-2fa-form.png
   :width: 400px
   :align: center

>    :alt: Configure google 2FA form

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :alt: Configure Google 2FA form
```

   :alt: Configure google 2FA form

> When the staticpin 2FA provider is selected, user must use the static pin as the 2FA code to verify 2FA

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the static PIN 2FA provider is selected, the user must use the static PIN as the code to verify 2FA
```

> with CloudStack. Every time user has to use this static pin as 2FA code during login into CloudStack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with CloudStack. The user must input this static PIN as a 2FA code every time they need to login.
```

.. image:: /_static/images/configure-staticpin-2fa-form.png
   :width: 400px
   :align: center

>    :alt: Configure staticpin 2FA form

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :alt: Configure static PIN 2FA form
```

> .. Note:: While user configures 2FA, verification of the 2FA code is must to complete the process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Note:: While the user configures 2FA, verification of the 2FA code is a must to complete the process.
```

.. Note:: While user configures 2FA, verification of the 2FA code is must to complete the process.

> Admin has the capability to mandate 2FA for users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The admin has the capability to mandate 2FA for users.
```

> The admin has the capability to mandate 2FA for users. The setting ``mandate.user.2fa``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The admin has the capability to mandate 2FA for users via the setting ``mandate.user.2fa``.
```

> When a new user is created ``mandate.user.two.factor.authentication`` setting will be used to enable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The setting ``mandate.user.2fa`` is used to enable
```

> is used to enable 2FA for the user. In that case the user must configure 2FA during their

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case the user must configure 2FA during their
```

> 2FA for the user. In that case user must configure 2FA during the first login into CloudStack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2FA for the user. In that case the user must configure 2FA during their first login into CloudStack.
```

> User's first login page to configure 2FA looks like below,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user's first login page to configure 2FA looks like the below,
```

.. image:: /_static/images/configure-2fa-at-login-page.png
   :width: 400px
   :align: center
   :alt: Configure 2FA at login page

> For the existing users, admin can mandate 2FA using the 'updateUser' API with the parameter 'mandate2FA'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the existing users, the admin can mandate 2FA using the 'updateUser' API with the parameter 'mandate2FA'.
```

> Admin can also disable 2FA for users using the action button as shown below,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The admin can also disable 2FA for a user using the action button as shown below.
```
